OSDOCS-15140: Updated the release notes to note that Platform monitoring is deprecated (#96436)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

== Deprecated and removed features
Some features available in previous releases have been deprecated or removed. Deprecated functionality is still included in {product-title} and continues to be supported; however, it will be removed in a future release of this product and is not recommended for new deployments.

> * **Disable workload monitoring**. Previously, users could disable workload monitoring through {rosa-short} clusters. However, to allow users to own the full Cluster Monitoring Operator (CMO) stack on {rosa-short} clusters, the ability to disable workload monitoring has been deprecated. For more information, see xref:../observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm.adoc#preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm[Preparing to configure the user workload monitoring stack].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Disable workload monitoring**. Previously, users could disable workload monitoring on {rosa-short} clusters. However, to allow users to own the full Cluster Monitoring Operator (CMO) stack on {rosa-short} clusters, the ability to disable workload monitoring has been deprecated. For more information, see xref:../observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm.adoc#preparing-to-configure-the-monitoring-stack-uwm[Preparing to configure the user workload monitoring stack].
```
Not sure if "on" is the right substitute, but "through" sounds strange to me.

> * **ROSA non-STS deployment mode.** ROSA non-STS deployment mode is no longer the preferred method for new clusters. Instead, users must deploy ROSA with the STS mode. This deprecation is in line with our new ROSA provisioning wizard UI experience at https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/rosa/wizard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ROSA non-STS deployment mode.** ROSA non-STS deployment mode is no longer the preferred method for new clusters. Instead, users must deploy ROSA with STS mode. This deprecation is in line with our new ROSA provisioning wizard UI experience on the link:https://console.redhat.com/openshift/create/rosa/wizard[Red Hat Hybrid Cloud Console].
```
I know this was already written and approved but we really shouldn't just stick urls in the docs.
